Clarify next steps after a proposal is submitted (#8)
PlaintextGroup/oss-virtual-incubator: README.md

By sharing the proposals publicly on this GitHub repository, we hope this will allow you to get feedback on your proposals, give feedback on / learn from other proposals, and collectively refine and fine-tune the proposals based on feedback. You can use [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/PlaintextGroup/oss-virtual-incubator/discussions) to organize these discussions.

## 4. Next steps after submitting

Proposals are currently reviewed on a rolling basis. Once you submit it as a PR, we will give some initial feedback / ask some questions and merge it after those changes are made. Once a proposal is made, we will review it and get back to you privately within a couple of weeks with an idea of what kind of support we might be able to provide, as well as the timelines through we might be able to help.

> Further support may include further feedback from policy and technical experts, access to a community of policymakers and technical engineers to help them realize their idea, and grant money from us or other partners / funders to help realize the idea. This might include (but is not limited to):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further support may include further feedback from policy and technical experts, access to a community of policymakers and technical engineers to help you realize your idea, and grant money from us or other partners / funders to help realize the idea. This might include (but is not limited to):
```

- Mini-grants up to $10,000 to support the idea
- Larger grants ($100K+) for more developed and large-scale ideas
- Help with legislative and government advocacy for a particular policy idea

> Note that certain kinds of support (such as network and connections / policy feedback, smaller grants) may be possible on a quicker time scale than other types of support (smaller grants).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that certain kinds of support (such as network and connections / policy feedback, smaller grants) may be possible on a quicker time scale than other types of support (larger grants).
```

> Once a proposal is submitted, you can also submit modifications to your proposals and we will review it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a proposal is submitted, you can also submit modifications to your proposal and we will review it again.
```
